Docs update plugin install (#12970)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/plugins/install-plugins.mdx

be repeated for as many plugins as you need.
We recommend this for JSON as the template cannot contain the information about the required plugins.

While `packer plugins install` is able to install plugins remotely, you can use
the `--path` flag to install locally-sourced plugin binaries.
This is typically useful in two general cases:

1. you are in an environment that does not have access to the internet

> 1. you are trying to install a development version of a plugin for testing.

Author: I'm not sure about the `or Github` part, especially as we want to eventually support other sources. I guess we can rephrase to say you are operating in a network-restricted environment maybe?

> You are in an environment that restricts network access to the source for a plugin

What do you think?

> 1. you are trying to install a development version of a plugin for testing.

Reviewer: Yeah - I like that version. I wanted to call out access to the source (hence why GitHub) and not just the Internet.

Refer to the [Installation Guides](#installation-guides) section of this page for information about
each method, including usage examples.

The remainder of this document will serve as documentation on how Packer interacts with plugins.
We encourage you to read this to get familiar with this process, as it will help you troubleshoot

> your builds if you encounter problems with plugin discovery/loading.

Reviewer: lets reword this section a bit to be a bit more succinct and remove the use of discovery/loading. 
```
The remainder of this document documents how Packer interacts with plugins.

We encourage you to read this to get familiar with this process, as it will help you troubleshoot builds if you encounter problems with using external plugins.
```

Author: Yeah it's a decent reword, I'll apply that.
Only thing I'll maybe drop is the "external" plugin, since plugins are by definition external and we don't embed plugins anymore

[`packer init`](/packer/docs/commands/init) to install all missing plugin
binaries.
Given the above example, Packer will try to look for a GitHub
repository owned by user or organization `hashicorp` named
`packer-plugin-myawesomecloud` and `packer-plugin-happycloud`.

> -> Note: `packer init` only tries to install plugins which do not already have
>    a version locally that matches the constraints required by the template.
>    If you want to update a plugin or force re-installation, you may use the
>    `--update` or `--force` command-line options.

Reviewer: Let's keep the naming for the command options consistent. 
```suggestion
-> Note: `packer init` tries to install plugins matching the version constraints required by the template.
   Running `packer init` multiple times on the same template will result in no changes if all matching plugins
   have already been installed.  If you want to update a plugin or force re-installation, you may use the
   `--update` or `--force` arguments.
```
